everything's gonna happen I'm gonna get
hit on the head with this thing up there
they're gonna drop a bomb I got three
kids to think about and I know my kids
moving from New York are you gonna move
to oh I don't want to move out
they already making those things you
mean in the desert yeah I figured the
first place they're gonna drop something
if you're gonna drop it you're probably
gonna drop it where those things and me
yeah do you ever read the newspaper I
read a newspaper every day is got
something about somebody's wishing to
drop some have you been reading about
the disarmer let's see that yeah I think
they're scared for an agreement of
something yeah what's wrong with him
they're talking a day where we have
differences we have them we have a
lawyer profession yeah we have doctor
profession that's right we have
disarmament profession that's a
profession don't guys don't want that
job and if they what happened they would
come to some kind of agreement not to do
that they'd be out of a job and where
would they do what they do they say
didn't leave school into damocles school
you mean the guys at the dissertate
school I mean I read the paper I'm
reading the paper all the time and I
look and I see where they're almost to
an agreement and this other guy say I'm
close to cross him and then he brings up
something else that he knows that they
might know I walk on the street go ahead
walk on this I will have the street now
and I got a pistol in my pocket right my
own business get down now
cheers man except a guy walks by me and
steps on my foot
thank you gentlemen okay now wait you
sub all my football no I mean yeah and
the end a guy got there the guy you say
excuse me the way you mean excuse me
yeah I mean because I got a pistol in my
pocket
don't know what I mean I'm comfortable
to protected myself but I'm glad you're
up to the sky where were you millions oh
but that's why I haven't got nope
and this is a big guy you're a fan and I
walk by and step on my foot please keep
going but I will turn around see that
big ears and I keep walking bang got it
the other fan I mean if you ask me we
should scrap all in vain
why time what kind of coffee you want
pregnant one regular and one black Hey
and bring a bottle of beer with it now
look if you want to lose weight first
thing you got to do is stop drinking
have you ever thought about the hot
condition of people who are overweight
I ain't overweight well supposing I have
a heart attack they're supposed to push
the button to stop them from coming back
suppose accidentally suppose if those
plans start over June supposed to push
that button to tell them to come back
suppose we have a heart attack she might
be fat like you ain't gonna have no
heart attack up he's only fat like me
because I'm in great shape this guy is
gonna have a hard examination I betcha
date they get one of those alexia
cardiograms
everyday blackout blackout suppose
you're black Bautista boyhood support is
he drinking there's something any blacks
out on the blackout's you table blackout
down here in this hole
suppose you were the black dog bound in
this bowl when you have that when you
have
oh right it couldn't happen accidentally
because I wasn't taking care of myself
or something that I would black out
maybe I stayed up too late maybe I got
the stone the Sun that's the only reason
[Music]
no used to running holding out your hand
[Laughter]
[Music]
now that you